---
tags:
  - East_Asian_History
  - Discussion_Board_Post
  - HST2270OL1_Americans_In_East_Asia
---

Begin with a very brief self-introduction – Who are you? What do you study at UVM? What is the nature of your interest in this course?

Offer your general assessment of the five articles we explored this week. This does not mean you should summarize all five papers --- please don’t do that. Instead, present to your classmates a set of important themes and/or ideas that you found to be especially significant in this week’s readings. Your post should be clearly articulated and effectively organized prose, not just a list of bullet points, and _**it should reflect your familiarity with all five articles**_.

Some questions you may wish to consider include: 
1) What do you make of the relationship between American missionaries, merchants and diplomats in nineteenth century East Asia? Do their shared interests overshadow their distinct priorities? How so or not so? 
	1) The relationship between the American missionaries, merchants, and diplomats is that of a form of imperialism versus East Asia. Their shared interests of "civilizing" East Asia overshadows their different goals, whether that be  establishing trade ports for the purposes of lucrative trade or with waging war in order to show East Asia who the superior militant force is. The underlying goal of each of the different American representatives was the projection of their own religion, beliefs, values, and militant force onto the East Asians. This is very evident within the Perry Article. The American merchant community in China send Perry, a war general, that praised his ability as a conquerer of Japan. Perry very much believed in his conquering through militant diplomacy, in the form of "black ships", which while they housed gifts and supplies, also packed serious intimidating firepower. The admiration of Perry's actions via the merchants shows us a culture of us versus them mentality, which was not only between different communities of American peoples, but also extended beyond the Americas and with the many different countries in Europe when France and America attempted to wage war on Korea. The idea of White Superiority through imperialism shines brightly in this instance as well. So much as when the French lost the war to Korea, the rest of the predominately white countries stated that France was screwing up such image of superiority. Such Superiority also found its way into the Americans judging the culture of the East Asian communities. An example of this is how the Western diplomats claimed that the east Asian people were incapable of understanding or producing something as artistical as the art of music, and that their "noise" signified unreason, irrationality and inferiority. This reinforces the commentary of the "conquering of East Asia" and "civilizing the barbarians." However, while they banded together on such accounts and ideals, there was competition to it. The prime example for this was in the Rice article, where Rice only encouraged and defended American interests so long as they served his own. Everybody wanted in on the pot, whether it be the lucrative trade ports or the conquering of East Asian land. Each of the many respective parties and professions had their own agendas, but at the same time had the underlying goal of Conquering and Exploiting the East Asian Countries 
	2) 
2) What did you find most interesting about the treaty port communities of East Asia at this time? For example, what lessons can we learn from the Knight brothers in Niuzhuang or Elish Rice and Charles Arnold Fletcher in Hakodate? 
	1) 
3) How would you characterize the role of ‘culture’ in shaping the American diplomatic approach to East Asia during the late 19th century?
	1) 

These questions are just a few starting points . . . I pose them just to get the wheels turning in your mind. Feel free to take things in whatever direction you wish.

**Final Writing**
The shared motivation of the American missionaries, merchants, and diplomats was to bring “civilization” to east Asia. Each category, whether missionary, merchant or diplomat had their own characteristic goal of making money, waging war, or spreading Christianity, played a part in the American’s interactions in the west. Their shared interests of "civilizing" East Asia overshadows their different goals, whether that be establishing trade ports for the purposes of lucrative trade or with waging war in order to show East Asia who the superior militant force is. The underlying goal of each of the different American representatives was the projection of their own religion, beliefs, values, and militant force onto the East Asians. This is very evident within the Perry Article. The American merchant community in China praised Perry, a navy admiral, in a letter about his ability as a conquerer of Japan. Perry very much believed in opening Japan to the outside world through military diplomacy, in the form of "black ships", which while they housed gifts and supplies, also packed serious intimidating firepower. The admiration of Perry's actions from the merchants shows us a culture of “us versus them mentality”, which was not only uniform among the missionary, merchant, and diplomatic communities of American people, but also extended across a range of other western nations. An example of this is in the late 1860s to early 1870s when the Western powers attempted to wage war on Korea. The idea of White Superiority of all Western powers through true military means shines brightly in this instance through a mixture of competition and cooperation. Each of the western powers wanted to feel the most prestige in each of their actions, but also had a common appeal to attempting to frighten the East Asian community by showing extraordinary military power for the idea of white superiority across all Western Nations in east Asia through military means shines brightly in this instance. So much as when the French lost the war to Korea, the rest of the predominately white countries stated that France was screwing up such image of superiority. Such sense of superiority is especially found in the readings about Perry and the members of their expedition and their outlook on the culture of Japan. An example of this is how the American crew members claimed that the East Asian people were incapable of understanding or producing something as artistical as the art of music, and that their "noise" signified unreason, irrationality and inferiority. The rice article, you see something that typifies the American presence with an “amateur” console versus the British presence “dominant” even in such large places such as Hong Kong and Shanghai. American could only occupy smaller places to hold larger presence such as Hakodate. One consequence of not having a professional consoler corps was that people like Rice, only only encouraged and defended American interests so long as they did not threaten his own. Everybody wanted in on the pot, whether it be the lucrative trade ports or the conquering of East Asian land. Each of the many respective parties and professions had their own agendas, but at the same time had the underlying goal of dominating the East Asian Countries.

**Note**
For the scaffolding and discussion notes, see [[Talks with Ning - Week 1 Long Readings]]