##### Brief Summary  
Gorlock is a Path of the Ragemage Minotaur Barbarian (played by Will P) and currently allied with the [[Peacekeeper]] force
##### Appearance 

##### Personality 

##### Brief History/Timeline  
###### Early Ages
 > [!Warning]- Spoilers Ahead
 > 
 > Rhulk was originally one of [[Arangol|Arangol's]] military higher ups within the previous timeline, and specialized in brute force combat and dark magic. He partook in the assault on Sigil, and faced off against [[Ryū Hoshi|Ryū Hoshi]] during the [[2.5_Declaration of War Arc|2.5_Declaration of War Arc]]. However, Hoshi's final evolution was too much for Rhulk, as his dark magic and might was no match for Hoshi's new power, killing him in the end. After the [[2.6_Panmnesia Arc|2.6_Panmnesia Arc]], the timeline was reset, and Rhulk was created once again, but was incapacitated by [[Nathan Murgul|Nathan Murgul]] and had brain and intuition reprogrammed to have Bounty Hunter tendencies.
###### The Evernight Hunt Arc
Once [[Reemus, the Inscrutable Spider]]'s defeat dispelled part of the obscuring magic, Nathan told Rhulk to help the party, not as a former peacekeeper, but as a man of his own motivations and freedom. The party then made their way through the unseen district, and defeated the [[Trapped Souls of Evernight]]. A portal then opened leading to the nightmare of Sai Mona, to which the players entered. The party made a long and difficult journey to the top of a tower, where [[Meleena's Wetnurse]] was located and a projection of [[Maren, Queen of Evernight]] stood in dispair. Upon the Wetnurses defeat and Maren's lifted grief, the party then made it back to the workshop. 

At the workshop Gerald wanted to free them of the hunt, but before he could do so Ludwig interfered, after a back and fourth of dialogue, the party found that Gerald was being controlled by Sai Mona unwillingly and was the host of the dream. Upon the party and Ludwig defeating Gerald, [[Sai Mona]] descended, and the party did battle. [[Jaloop]], Chuck, and [[Ludwig Van Scythe]] perished, but in Ludwigs last words he gave the party a choice: two scrolls of pure resurrection. Ludwig then passed, and Jaloop and Chuck were saved. Jaloop absorbed Sai Mona's essence, and the hunt came to an end. Alder took Anna Efrideet and the Healing Church Paladins to Sigil, and the party completed their mission. 
###### Ghost Treason Arc
A few months after the hunt, Rhulk stayed in Sigil to study under [[Maui Rockheart]] to learn more about his past. After a short reunion, Rhulk and the party went to the Multiversal Tavern, where they relaxed and indulged in their services. After a plethora of interesting events, the party then got ready for Ludwig's funeral. After the service, [[Maui Rockheart]] gave them Ludwigs key to his office. In the office, the party found many things, but the most important being the recipe and requirements for the Ritual of Soul Reincarnation. The party was also assigned a new regiment leader, [[Emily Sigiliph]]. The party then ventured to the Feywild with her, as she said that she knew that Ludwig was trying to resurrect [[Azriel Darkstar]], and that she was willing to pick up his work where he left it off. Upon arriving to the Feywild, she entrapped the party within a barrier, and revealed that she had been working for [[Arangol]]. After Monty nearly killing everyone from an explosion (though it was later revealed that Emily didn't actually die...), he was incapacitated by Aeris's parents. Who took them to a base of operations where [[Emily Sigiliph]], [[Yasu-2]], and [[Olivia Birdsong]] additionally where awaiting their waking as well. Emily then explained that she had took part-time leave from the peacekeeper force to work for Arangol as a mercenary so that she could track his movement and plans better. Because of her temporary leave and the completing of her contract, Emily is currently in freelance, and her along with the other allies agreed to help the party with their next journey through the Feywild. 
###### Recruitment
Rhulk never officially joined the peacekeeper force, but they had to measure his power anyway in order for him to enter their base of operations. He was given the immeasurable rank, similar to that of [[(WORK IN PROGRESS) Jackson Felwinter]] and [[Azriel Darkstar]]. He is in a team with [[Monty]], [[Otto]], [[Jaloop]], [[Akanos]], [[Chuck]], [[Monkey (Alex)]], [[Chuck]], and [[Equilibrium]]. 
##### Abilities  
Rhulk is a level 8 Path of the Ragemage Minotaur Barbarian 