---
tags: [East_Asian_History, Critical_Thinking_For_School, HST2270OL1_Americans_In_East_Asia]
---

As time went on, The perceptions of the Chinese world during the era of the Boxer uprising shows the slow descent into the US categorizing the Chinese as more and more Uncivilized, Untamed, and Barbaric. 
The three Harper weekly images shows us the progression and evolution of such perceptions. Starting with the Harpers Weekly Cartoon November 18th 1899, we can see a higher class Chinese man with a bag that says US commercial expansionist, while playing with a locomotive. We also see Uncle Sam, who is holding back European country representatives as he stands before the Chinese man. The significance of the date it was made is that the Boxer rebellion has just started, and is enough for the United States to consider it threatening and bad. In the image, the US just wants to trade, and are "holding back" the other countries from tarting conflict. The US wants to trade with the Chinese, and is willing to deal with them in a peaceful manner. Moreover, the US can be seen taking initiative, as the French have been condemned due to their history of inability to deal with East Asian countries effectively. 
The second image in the harper weakly, shows two sides of a conflict. We can see in the second Weekly Cartoon, published on July 28, 1900, that the Boxer Rebellion has escalated and to some extent, gone Berserk. The context of the situation involves the empress of Beijing having to flee, and the western powers's expeditionary force has gotten serious and has begun to kill the boxers. In the image, we can see Uncle Sam now has a rifle, and is joined by president McKinley in confronting the Chinese. The Chinese people in this picture are depicted as more lower class citizens. They are depicted as nigh monstrous because the image shows they have killed both a man and a baby and are also stepping over an American flag. On the flag that Uncle Sam is holding, we can see that it shows the iconic phrase from the declaration of independence and the word treaty. The image gives us the insight on the situation of the Boxer rebellion at the time. The United States has moved to threatening the members of the Chinese Boxer rebellion. The United States are warning the Boxers to stand down and are giving them one final chance to do so, they are not there to conqueror, only to negotiate if possible. 
In the final (third) image, we can see that the Boxer Rebellion has fully blown up in escalation. We can see in the second Weekly Cartoon, published on August 18, 1900, that there is no more discretion between the bad and the good. America is now pointing a very large canon at an island that contains a huge dragon, which can be interpreted at the Chinese Boxers at this point. We can see that America has finally given up on peaceful negotiations, and has entered the ring in the fight versus the Boxers. These three images in sequence give us insight to how the Boxer Rebellion progressed from a United States perspective, and the propaganda that was spread among the US citizens spectating from home. 
We are able to gain further insight about American perceptions of the Chinese world during the Boxer Era. In the Written case study, William Barclay Parsons gives us another outlook on the Chinese world through his perspective. He makes a few interesting points in his "study". Parsons in the article speaks about his confusion as to why the Chinese continue to look at older Confucian texts as the basis of both citizenship and the exam system that elects new leaders. He comments about the differently organized political system and society within China. With this in mind and due to the times, Parsons has no historical context as to why the Chinese run their country the way that they do. A lot of the written case study involves the confusion of the Chineses "outdated" education system, as well as their stagnant progression as a nation due to not sharing their ports and commercialization. Moreover, he does not understand that the basis for Chinese citizenship is to want to be Chinese and to be content to see others who have more education then they do succeed and take the Confucius exams and run the country (granted this changes over a few decades). He does however, admire a few things in his case study, one of them being the Ancestral temples where people of same lineage can reunite with family and bond with them. 
All these factors in bring the question of whether or not the Americans were really sincere in dealing with the Chinese during this time period. I believe the answer to be not really. The primary source images exemplify that the Americans didn't really want to help out the Chinese for the sake of the Chinese but it was rather a self serving ideology. The secondary sources that we read also relate to this theme. An example of this is the Opium problems, and how when the Merchants realized that it could be more lucrative, they worked towards making it legalized, discarding how bad the problem truly was. Know all of this, we can firmly take away that during this time period the Americas were not very sincere in their dealings with China, but were rather self serving from a economic and dominance perspective. 


