The Story Teller's Power is the power of [[Jackson Felwinter]] and [[Azriel Darkstar]]'s final forms which were obtained after their youth. This power is also in possession of Arangol and ⏁⊑⟒ ⟟⋏⎎⟟⋏⟟⏁⟒ ⍀⟒⏃⎅⟒⍀

###### Abilities, Lore and General Info 
The "True Evo's" origins stems from that of a creator (Aka a absolute being/a observer) who exists beyond the source wall. The observer/absolute being distributed parts of his power to multiple beings, in order for them to help shape the all encompassing story. It was distributed into categories: 
- The Editor 
- The Writer
- The Reader 

**Possessors**
- The Editor 
	- [[Azriel Darkstar]] and [[Jackson Felwinter]] 
		- The power of the Editor was split into two halves. 
			- **Azriel Darkstar** possesses the ability to change the logic of any concepts, ideas or principles (which is shown with Logic Slash, which allows him to change the logic of any concepts, ideas or principles. But he cannot take away or erase certain qualities of a thing similar to how if you don't have an eraser, you cannot fully remove a word written on a page. He also has the ability to view certain things as fiction depending on their dimensional tier and significance within a story).
				- When Azriel is in this form, his hair turns to the color of graphite, and his body glows the color of golden yellow. His sword gains the color scheme of the pencil with no eraser. He can use logic slash at will. But the more the forms abilities are used, the more the story becomes unstable
			- **Jackson Felwinter** possesses the ability to erase and permanently delete concepts, ideas and principles (which is shown by Erasure Blade, which allows for him to delete and erase any concepts, ideas or principles. But he can only delete or erase things, similar to how if you don't have a pen, you cannot add a different word instead in a written page hence creating inconsistencies and potential plot holes which allow for the affected target to sometimes gain new qualities instead if not careful, he also has the ability to view certain things as fiction depending on their dimensional tier and significance within a story).
				- When Jackson is in this form, his body turns a silk white color, and his hair becomes a rosewood pink. His sword gains the color scheme of a pencil with no graphite and tip. He can use erasure blade at will. But the more the forms abilities are used, the more the story becomes unstable.
- The power of the Writer 
	- [[The Omnipotent One]] possesses the power of the writer. 
		- The possessor is responsible for the progression of a story, and makes sure it is constantly moving forward. The Writer's job is to make sure there is always a story being written, as if a story does not exist, nothing exists. He is partially responsible for the existence of fiction (along with the other possessors of The Story Teller's Power). The Writer typically exists outside of the multiverse in a place called The Library Studio, where they writes infinite amounts of stories and looks over all of reality. Their power within a fictional setting is unknown as it is not supposed to be used within it and as such is supposed to live in The Library Studio forever. The Omnipotent One was irresponsible however and directly aided Jackson Felwinter, causing the events of Cour 3 which could be considered for better or worse depending on which of the possessors of The Story Teller's Power you ask or anyone beyond such a tier. They also has the ability to view certain things as fiction (but does not possess the power to change or delete anything, only create)
- The power of the Reader 
	- ⏁⊑⟒ ⟟⋏⎎⟟⋏⟟⏁⟒ ⍀⟒⏃⎅⟒⍀ 9[[The Infinite Reader]] possesses the power of the reader 
		- The possessor is responsible for the reading of all stories, and makes sure that such stories he reads are always told and read. If stories are not read, they do not exist and hence (in a meta sense) nothing exists. He is partially responsible for the existence of fiction (along with the other possessors of The Story Teller's Power). The Reader also typically exists outside of the multiverse in the Library Studio (in a different part then the reader), where they read infinite amounts of stories and looks over all of reality. Their power within a fictional setting was supposed unknown and unused, but as a result of ⏁⊑⟒ ⟟⋏⎎⟟⋏⟟⏁⟒ ⍀⟒⏃⎅⟒⍀ having disputes with the writer's stories, they attempted to change the story himself and overtake the writer's power and duty for himself. They also has the ability to view certain things as fiction (but does not possess the power to change or delete anything, only recall and tell)
			- The power of the reader within the fictional world is represented as a book. While using the power, a large spectral intangible book appears behind the user, and allows for the user to go to any part of the story and use a power that was used within it, including author powers (though at a lesser level and tier)

**The Special Case**
- Through the Script of Reality, [[Arangol]] has the ability Narrative Change. This ability allows for him to insert himself into any past or present event of the plot, and change the present outcome, similar to a lesser butterfly effect. 