The Twin Prodigies Arc is a part of the second cour of the Felwinter Saga and sequel to the first cour (See [[Epilogue to Cour 1 and Upbringing]]), following Jackson Felwinter and his party through their adventures in [[Sigil]]
###### Prelude
Years after Lady Pain was defeated, [[Will Felwinter]] gave birth to [[Jackson Felwinter]] being his only child. He additionally gave care to Apollyon Darkstar and Uriel Darkstar's son, Azriel, as his parents died in the final battle versus Lady Pain. Jackson and Azriel grew up together, becoming blood brothers, each destined for greatness due to their immense magical power. 

[[Will Felwinter]] also established [[Peacekeeper Academy]], an boarding school where young students would learn how to become fine adventurers so that they could fight against the uprising evils of existence. Will made sure to hire the best teachers and staff to ensure the safety of the students, while also adding the four different houses in order to spark competition and a inspiration to learn among the students's learning. 

Jackson Felwinter before the academy studied magic and martial prowess. His father was a main reason for his rigorous training, for he didn't want his son to suffer the same fate his friends did at the hand of Lady Pain. Jackson eventually became stronger then Will imagined, including inventing a new technique called the Spellstrike. With his Divine Blood, Wizardry study and martial techniques with the blade, Jackson became a formidable Magus.

[[Azriel Darkstar]] before the academy trained with his magic in an experimental fashion. Azriel held the power of the newfound at the time, Magical Runes. While magical runes existed, the way this magic worked was fundamentally different from normal magical runes (see Runekeeper in magic system). Combining his divine and abyssal heritage with the newly found Rune magic made Azriel strong, but also created a dreadful power if he unleashed it to its fullest.

[[Yasu-2]] during this time would spend most of his time with his creator, [[Jotor Sparklefen]]. Yasu-2 mainly helped Jotor with his research and shop. Yasu-2 picked up religion because he found human purpose within worshiping Eldath, the god of peace. He Eldath because he believed that one of the flaws of living kind was their inability to understand each other and find peace in each others company. Yasu-2 was ahead of the student curriculum curve already, as Jotor implanted multiple functions and experiences that translated to Yasu-2's direct functions.

[[Olivia Birdsong]] in contrast to Yasu-2, Azriel, and Jackson was barley living off coin. She had been trying to make a new life for herself for years, starting thievery and seduction at a young age. The past she was running from was the murder of her parents by a gang of pirates, who then captured and kept her as a trophy for pleasure. Olivia became proficient in deception, trickery and magic through song, using her beautiful whistle and voice to achieve what she needed. Once she was capable enough to flee the band of pirates, she escaped, never looking back and making a life out of hustling. Around the same time that the rest of the party enrolled, she had enough coin scrapped together to attend the academy.

[[Aria Hassan]] lived in the Serpent Hills of Faerun in a smaller village, where she was considered the runt and disease of her Yuan-Ti tribe, being a pureblood. Aria held the innate magical powers of the Yuan-Ti, but was not a capable fighter at the time. Eventually, Dendar created a pact with her out of curiosity of her potential, which caused her to gain newfound powers. The condition to keep these powers was that Dendar wanted her to bring destruction and treachery throughout the land. Aria saw this as an opportunity to enroll in the academy, as Sigil was the best place to cause such acts.

[[Emily Sigiliph]] spent her time in Neverwinter, training with her brother [[Johnny Sigiliph]] in intense martial combat under her militaristic family's watch. She quickly became a high army ranking along with her brother at a young age, even leading squadrons of troops at age 12. Her tactical wit and fighting skill was a testament to the balanced and strong warrior she was. With the announcement of the academy opening, Emily's mother and father urged her to attend, as they imagined that she would get top tier training and competition which would help her become a strong warrior.
###### Early Stages 
While walking to school in uniforms, Azriel and Will came across two thieves guild parties who were fighting in the area. Jackson called them out for their disruption of this peace on the block. The gang members mocked him, causing Azriel to back Jackson up, saying that they won't even need to use their magic against the two parties because they are so weak. This pisses off both the leaders, who's work together to jump the two. Unfortunately for the gangs, they were up against two of the strongest prodigies known in the history of the multiverse, who made quick work of them. Jackson and Azriel made it just in time for the school gates to open.

Upon their arrival to the academy, Yasu-2 came up to Jackson and Azriel, greeting the two. Jackson gives him a warm welcome, with Azriel giving more of a distant one as he didn't know Yasu as good as Jackson did. As the gates open, the students are lead to school building and into a great hall, with multiple spots of seating available. 

As the three are about to sit down, Aria makes an effort to introduce herself to Jackson, attempting to use seductive charm in order to get him to like her more. Yasu senses dark energy within the Yuan Ti, instantly becoming suspicious of her. Jackson, unaffected by her charm, greets her warmly, and offers for her to sit next to him, with Azriel letting out a sigh as he sits down next to Yasu.

Shortly after Emily files in, looking around for strong "warriors" who could potentially push her to the limit in training. She finds the quad-group at the end of a seated row towards the middle isle, immediately recognizing Azriel's strength, but not Jacksons due to him relaxing and talking with Aria. She asks if anyone is sitting with Azriel, to he replies with no. Emily then sits with him, talking about battle tactics and asking why Azriel's clothes were already a little worn. He explained to his and Jackson's scuffle with the two thieves guild parties on the way to school. 

Right before the ceremony started, Olivia came in, looking for somewhere to sit as she wanted to have a good first impression and was shy. She noticed the group, who while seemed different from each other were warm with one another. Olivia went to sit with the group, sitting next to Azriel in the Isle. Azriel turned to her and started talking, giving her a feeling of kindness as it was the first time someone showed genuine interest and care towards her. 

Each of the group were sorted into different houses: Azriel Darkstar in House Catalyst, Yasu-2 in House Equinox, Aria Hassan and Emily Sigiliph into House Apex, and Olivia Birdsong and Jackson Felwinter into House Beacon. Each group went with their respective groups into orientation with the respective classes: 
- Geography and Cartography
- Linguistic Diplomacy
- Arcane Theory and Spellcraft
- Survival and Field Skills
- Beast Mastery and Multiversal Creatures
- History of Existence 
- Defense against Multiversal Threats
- Divine Studies
- Laws and Theory of the Multiverse

During orientation, Aria made a point to talk to Emily, asking about her and the rest of the group. Emily replied that she didn't know them before she got here, but they just looked strong and formidable so she wants to be friends with them for competitive spirits and bonding. When Emily asked Aria, she lies by saying that she's attending the academy to help her village thrive and become prosperous. 

Olivia started talking with Jackson, more specifically about Azriel Darkstar. Jackson told her that he's strong, but kind and willing to help others. He also mentions that a lot of people tend to think of him as an outsider, due to his lineage being half Angelic half Demonic, but despite that he still helps others. He continues on and mentions Azriel's goal to become strong enough to protect the ones he loves and prove to the world that anyone can do the right thing, no matter their lineage. 

After orientation week, the 6 dive into school life right away. Jackson and Azriel join the men's Siegeball team with Emily and Aria joining the Female team, Olivia is the lead singer in a band and Yasu-2 leads the robotics club using his creators memories to be successful. During weekends and sometimes during the week, the 6 of the students would go into town and would have all sorts of events happen, whether it be beach day; bar hoping; or just mobbing around they cherished their time together.... However, it did not last for long.

###### Middle Stages
With the 6 young adventurers finally settling into school life, mysterious mutant creatures began appearing across Sigil and neighboring planes. With the disappearance of [[Jotor Sparklefen]], [[Will Felwinter]] began to investigate. He found that the strange mutants were originally living and sentient beings, but a strange disease is what caused the creatures to mutant and take on these forms. These creatures could also spread the disease through bite or scratch, but more common through bite as it was possible to resist this disease if you have an extremely strong physical body or you have extreme magical prowess. 

While Will was doing his research, the students had no clue what was going on. In addition, the talk of the academy was the House Tournament that was coming up. The House Tournament was a time where the students could show off their skill and what they have learned throughout the year. With break arriving, Aria and Jackson went to spend time in Faerun together. Olivia stayed in Sigil with Azriel, Yasu-2  went back to his father's work to take over his shop, and Emily went back home and helped her family run their regiment in the army. 
###### End Stages
After downtime and break, the students return to school with the House Tournament on the horizon and star a new semester. Each of the adventurers have made great friends within their respective houses. During this semester, exchange students from schools all over the multiverse began their first semester.

#Timeline/Felwinter_Saga/Cour_2