The House Tournament Arc is a part of the second cour of the Felwinter Saga taking place after the [[2.1_Twin Prodigies Arc]], following Jackson Felwinter and his party through their adventures in [[Sigil]]
###### Prelude
The adventurers return back to [[Peacekeeper Academy]] in [[Sigil]] for semester 2 from their respective trips. At this point [[Jackson Felwinter]] and [[Aria Hassan]] are in a full on relationship, [[Azriel Darkstar]] and [[Olivia Birdsong]] are nearing one, [[Yasu-2]] invented [[Kabe-34]] with his creators blueprints, and [[Emily Sigiliph]] has become second in command in their family's army. In addition, each member of the party created a personalized magic item tailored to each of their styles. 

Upon arrival back to school, in a school wide assembly the exchange students who had orientation the week before where presented. However, a group of 6 exchange students showed a bond similar to that of the main pcs. Upon the leaving the assembly, [[Johnny Sigiliph]] comes up to Emily, along with the five other unique exchange students. Olivia asks Emily about Johnny, who then replies with that Johnny is her brother. 

The conversation evolves with [[Malatar Wütend]] saying that they have heard of Jackson and Azriel, acknowledging that they are strong, however, saying that they were all talent and no hard work. This slightly annoys Azriel but doesn't effect Jackson. [[Ryū Hoshi]] quickly tells Malatar to cut it out, saying that in the tournament he will have a chance to matchup against one of the two and that he'd like to as well in order to test the resolve of his blade. 

[[Laila Iceburn]], being a Dragonborn Draconic Sorcerer, immediately was able to sense the foulness of Dendar's power within Aria. She instantly calls her out on her pact as well as her Yuan Ti heritage, with Aria asking if she has a problem with Laila saying that she does, calling her people a foul and evil. The two begin to verbally jab one another. 
[[Lillith Ashford]], watching the chaos unfold, is approached by Olivia who asks her about her heritage and where she is from. Lillith tells her that she's from the Tethir forest on the Sword Coast, and prompts the same question to Olivia. The two begin to bond, getting into a long conversation. 

Naturally, Yasu-2 and [[Hank Dreadbone]], despite being polar opposites, were beings of the same coin and got along perfectly fine due to their personality traits not opposing one another. They end up getting sick and tired of those who were bickering and yelled to cut it out due to making too much noise and a scene in the hall. The respective parties then went their separate ways for the day. 
###### Early Stages
In supplement to the course workload, the majority of students began to prepare and train for the upcoming house tournament arc. 

Jackson spent a lot of time with his father, working on learning to commune with the divine as much as manipulate the arcane to bring a more versatile skill set to his approach to challenges. Moreover, Jackson learned how to emulate his father's bowblade weaponry with his own, giving his Sunsword a mechanism that allows him to manipulate the energies of the blade so he could morph the sword into a bow that can shoot energy arrows. Jackson also learned how to take his life force reserve to heal his wounds in the present, instead of waiting to heal them later.

Azriel used his time to travel around the planes and collect runes. Will endorsed him so that he would be safe during this field training and research. Azriel continued to lean more into his Divine heritage, as he did not want his demonic powers to leak out during the tournament due to the fact that the student body no longer gossiped and stared at him for being different. However, his mind wandered to think how could he use his demonic heritage for good, without it consuming his mind. Azriel began to experiment, unlocking lineage associated abilities from his demonic side while doing so.

Emily continued with her martial training, however she sought out Durnan the Wanderer in Waterdeep at the Yawning Portal, asking for him to train her. Durnan, while hesitant, agreed to do so, and her rigorous training began. Emily stayed in Waterdeep for most of her time training, with Durnan noting that since she is gifted in both raw power and finesse that she would be a fool to not take advantage of that. He also said that while she prides herself in being so skillful that she doesn't need magic to fight, that there will come a time where a magic user will be too much for her to handle, as even he takes such precautions by using special items. Emily discards her pride, and begins to learn the art of potion craft, learning the formulas for multiple potions as well as crafting a wondrous flask that gives her a random potion a day for 24 hours, which then if the potion isn't consumed, changes its properties or makes another potion if it is consumed.

Aria's training was much less direct. Aria would meditate for many hours of the day, tapping into the forces she was already granted. She focused on controlling her destructive capacity so that her destructive magic was more accurate. Through training one day, her patron Dendar contacted her directly for the first time in a long time, scolding her for not bringing a Yuan Ti rise to power. Aria told him that while it is true, she has changed as a person, and has learned to appreciate the value of other lives. Dendar scoffed at her, but proposed the question on what her intentions with Jackson Felwinter were. When Aria began to fumble her speech and blush, Dendar began to laugh at her, saying that she is a fool but at the same time, made a joke that if he were to make Aria's powers her own, combined with Jackson Felwinter's blood that they could "create" mass chaos (you know where this is going). This made Aria even more flustered. Dendar burst out into even more laughter and said that he wants to make an experiment, making Aria's powers her own on the condition that she has kids with Jackson Felwinter for the sake of theory.

Olivia, not knowing how to prepare for the upcoming tournament, chose to seek out Lillith who was training as well. Lillith gave her the advice that most other contestants are working on their combat prowess but nobody knows what the events will be. However, Lillith noted that Olivia seemed to not be much of a fighter but rather a talker, and hence should take advantage of that in the tournament. Using this advice, Olivia honed her charismatic abilities even more, seeing how many people she could convince to do certain tasks for her. Granted, she did not like this way of training but saw no other way to prepare.

Yasu-2's training regiment was not really a training regiment at all. All he did was preform maintenance on his body and would spend hours in meditation contemplating his religious beliefs and word of god. This would later pay off, as he would have a special ability as a trump card.

###### Middle Stages
After hard training and rigorous school work, the day of the tournament finally arrived. The tournament started on the sports field, with headmaster Will Felwinter announcing each of the events: Alliance Negotiations, Gem Hunt, and One Versus One Combat. 

The Alliance Negotiations was simple, convince two factions who are having disputes over land and resources to compromise on a solution. Each contestant would be solo for this event. If a fight broke out, a panic broke out, or the two can't come to an agreement within the given time, the contestant would be eliminated. 

The Gem Hunt's main objective was to explore an unexplored land and obtain a magical gem. Each contestant would be solo for this event. There are a certain number of gems, and not enough for everyone. Once all the gems were claimed by a contestant and a contestant did not have one, they would be eliminated.

The One Versus One Combat was simple. Most adventurers pose a greater threat to another adventurer then a monster would. The event is one versus one combat. Whichever contestant drops first, loses, and the other wins and advances to the next round in bracket tournament style play. 

Each event is accounted for, with each giving a certain amount of points based on placing. Whoever had the highest score at the end of the three events, and completed each of the three events would win. 
- The Alliance Negotiation was fairly simple for most of the adventurers with Olivia, Aria, and Yasu-2 finishing high while the rest of the adventurers finished lower 
- The Gem Hunt was also fairly simple for most of the adventurers with Yasu and Olivia once again smoking the competition and the rest of the adventurers falling into the middle 
- The Combat tournament was the hardest and most high stakes event. While Olivia lost first round to Emily, every other main contestant was able to advance far. The final machtup was Jackson vs Ryū Hoshi, with [[Arangol]] and his forces interrupting before the battle could begin. 

###### End Stages
When Arangol showed up, [[Will Felwinter]], Teachers, powerful adventurers, and students all partook in the fight versus the [[Necrowalkers]] and [[Hostwalkers]]. In the fierce battle, Arangol showed great interest in Azriel, seeing his dark power, figuring he would be a perfect candidate to use the power of the multiversal runes to full effect. He immediately targeted Azriel, though made sure to test him rather then actually fight him. Azriel was able to surprise him, making him sweat. Jackson then joins the fight with him, with the two engaging in a 2 versus 1. However, Arangol wanted to push him further, targeting Olivia to see how he would react. Azriel as predicted saved her from fatal harm and healed her. However she had no pulse and was unconscious, which casued Azriel to unleash his full dark power out of anger, and began to go head to head with Arangol. The Illithid Lich realized that if he didn't begin to try versus Jackson and Azriel he was gonna lose, so he began to use more of his power. Because of this, Jackson and Azriel were overwhelmed, with Will making it just in time in order to stop and push back Arangol's forces. However Arangol left, he unleashed a dark power which was later discovered to be a power that was the predecessor to being able to use Abberant Runes. This killed Will Felwinter, and in addition he cast an unknown curse on Azriel. 

###### Affiliated Tags
#Timeline/Felwinter_Saga/Cour_2