---
tags: [East_Asian_History, Discussion_Board_Post, HST2270OL1_Americans_In_East_Asia]
---

The transformation of Japan in American public opinion as evidenced by the Life Magazine special issue on Japan from brutal wartime enemy to peaceful postwar friend was definitely not a clean break from past perceptions. Those perceptions of Japan in 1964 still evidence a whitewashing of America’s role in those relations from the 1850s to the present. 

Culture, race and sketchy history shaped perceptions of Japan for US citizens in the 1960s. If we look at "A Past Marvelously Preserved," (pp. 50) it refers to Perry’s opening of Japan at gunpoint with “ the Black Ships of U.S. Commodore Mathew Perry, who was prepared to shoot to get better treatment for shipwrecked U.S. sailors.” This suggests to us that American society felt as if they were the "good guys" and Perry was only there to protect some sailors. This, however, is contradicted by the narrative suggested by the turn of the century Harpers cartoons  we looked at early in the course. In the Harpers Weekly cartoons, we can see what the U.S. sought to gain during dealings regarding foreign countries. In the First Weekly Cartoon of November 18 1899, we can see that Uncle Sam really wants trade (“I want commerce”) primarily among other things. Then in the July 28 1900 Harpers Weekly Cartoon we see it progresses  to violence. Then finally, in the August 18 1900 Cartoon, we can see it has fully bloomed into a U.S cannon pointing at, in this case, the Chinese. But the cannons on Perry’s warships were also used to forcibly open up Japan. forcing them to sign the unequal treaties that would benefit the U.S. 

Furthermore, if we look into the "Editorial: The Unique Era, but What Now?" and Edwin O. Reischauer's "Inevitable Partners" and compare those two items with the secondary source readings from this past week, we see some jarring contradictions. 

Regarding the Unique Era reading, it asks the question of “Can we, after what happened 20 years ago, trust the Japanese?” (pp.2 Life magazine). They ask this question yet they fail to mention what happened with the U.S. base expansion events during that same period of time, when the Americans were pushing to expand their military bases which in turn, disrupted the Japanese population and began ruining American to Japanese relations. It got so bad that Eisenhower had to extract over fifty percent of the U.S. soldiers stationed in Japan. In addition, in the "Unique Era" section of the magazine, they mention that Japan's biggest focus in 1954 was their economy (pp. 2-3 Life magazine). This reminds us of what America had been trying to get out of the East Asian countries for more than a century: more trade and lucrative gain.  

Regarding Edwin O. Reischauer's article in the Life magazine, he speaks only great things about American to Japanese interaction. He speaks about how in his interactions with the Japanese people, they are always courteous, kind, friendly, and many other positive virtues (pp.27 Life Magazine). What he fails to mention, is how the U.S. bases (which we learned about from the Miller reading published in 2014), threatened Japanese fledgling democracy which America was supposedly trying to "help with." From other reading we learned how Japan's economy was largely started up again by the Korea war, including the demand of U.S. soldiers for Japanese females (as prostitutes). We were even able to delve further into the black market exchange, and other aspects. 

In his Life article we know that Edwin O. Reischauer left out important details regarding Japan and American relations in just the few years leading up to the article. In an article Resischauer wrote as an academic in Foreign Affairs in 1960 (“The Broken Dialogue with Japan”), he acknowledges Japanese student protests and even describes them vividly. Yet he decided to leave that out of Life Magazine. So we can see that Resischauer was aware that Japan and American relations were troubled yet he still decided to write that they were perfectly fine and solely positive. Life Magazine looks pretty much like a collection of photographs and some articles and captions to please the masses; publishers would probably want a set of “feel good articles;” hence  they chose to ignore certain aspects of important knowledge through subjective and selective journalism and restricted Reischauer accordingly. Further, during the time of his writing in Life magazine it was the year of the Olympics and he was America’s ambassador, so he had to emphasize positive relations as much as possible versus when he was a private citizen and could write a more honest article regarding foreign affairs.

While Reischauer knew things were bad in Japan, he probably did not know how really bad they were. He was not out there, for instance, when American planes were dive bombing Japanese student demonstrators during their protests against military base expansion. We know of such things like that and more generally the bad effects of base expansion because after Reischauer we progressed to a point in the history field that many historians can write these different articles and lay them out for scholars and we students to learn about. Finally, one thing that helped our ability to journal and write about these U.S. and foreign relations accurately was probably the Vietnam War, which was just getting started for America in 1964 and dragged on for another ten years. The Vietnam war brought a lot of skepticism regarding the ethics and effectiveness of our military. The war greatly altered American perceptions about our military abroad. One wonders whether Life Magazine could have carried a similar special issue on Japan ten years after in 1974.
