First came the American Missionaries who were representatives from the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. E.C. Bridgman, the leader of such group, arrived at the Canton Port, which began the earliest of Sino-American cultural and political relations ppp.2-3 pdf. This was also the time where the Opium trade comes into play. At first, the missionaries were concerned about the opium problem in China. It was stated to be "one of the greatest evils afflicting Chinese society" pp.4 pdf. However, Opium almost hit a point to where it was in consideration of being legalized by American Missionaries. The foreign citizens and missionaries in Shanghai were of the opinion that the legalization of it was preferable to the semi-legalized smuggling which was already in place pp.24. The legalization did not diminish the demand for Opium, it rather, increased it instead (pp27 of pdf). 
We also took a look at Commodore Perry, the US naval officer who led an expedition to China in 1853. Perry's diplomacy succeeded partly because of the imposing fleet of warships and black ships, and also packing the ships with gifts and festive supplies. Perry and his crew's trip was in the spirit of Manifest Destiny: the idea that the US greatness was foreordained. It is the concept that the seat of civilization progressed westward at the urging of a dominant power, also called The arc of civilization (pp 4-5 pdf). Perry and his crew sought to impose cultural and societal values from Western culture and society onto the "'semi-barbarous' Japanese" (pp.6 pdf). 
The Missionaries and Perry were two examples of the first steps towards opening up East Asian countries to American relations, religion and trade, which was ultimately their goal at the time: To spread Christianity and to make lucrative gains. 

During Week 2, we looked at the different types of missionaries and their individual goals when abroad within the East Asian countries. Majority of the American Missionaries wanted to help out these East Asian countries, but were rooted in this subconscious and unintentional mindset of superiority. We have the Pagan Babies article, where the Pagan babies program was a bi-product of a failure to convert adult Chinese to Catholicism, which was a dismal failure because of the Anti Christian and Foreign Tide during the 1920's and 30s, which were cumulative events of the Boxer suppression and the opium wars.
We also have the YMCA, which was at first successful in portraying Japanese colonialism as a positive force. However, because of this teaching mindset, the Japanese began to grow their nation and ultimately becomes imperialist at a point, following US historical tradition. This also stems from the amount of racism in the Western US that ends up damaging US relations. They end up colonizing China during conflict (after we defeated Japan we did something that was very high minded, we wanted to eliminate them as a threat in the future so we tried to democratize them), and Japan descends into nationalistic militarism, causing conflict with the US due to the factors as stated before. This takes us into the war time periods, were East Asian countries held conflict with the Americas. 
The mindset of superiority combined with the historical violent colonialism would ultimately progress the superiority complex and imperialism that plagued the Americans that would visit these East Asian countries. It got to such a bad point in the post-war that we began to attempt to impose our values even more.

During Week 3, we transitioned our focus from the foreign missionaries and we took a look at the overall relation of the U.S. and the East Asian countries from the perspective of the locals, which was not a positive one. Sex, Race and Gender shaped U.S Military forces in post war East Asia by creating an American military culture of taking what they wanted and performing their ideals of superiority, which in turn drew a lot of anger towards themselves. In China for example, The U.S. military stayed long after completing their goal of pushing out the Japanese forces and were treated as Kings, angering a lot of Chinese peoples. American servicemen expressed Orientalist views, held racist and sexist attitudes toward Chinese women, took prostitution for granted, perpetrated sexual violence, and benefited from immunity regarding local laws. It went as far as a establishing underground black market whore houses and prostitution, which while it did jumpstart the economy it was not healthy for the respective East Asian countries to continue having. 
We also looked into Orientalism and the protest uprising of the East Asian peoples. Orientalism and their sense of superiority caused Korea and Japan to also hate the U.S. due U.S military base expansion and Oriental behavior. 
In Korea, U.S advisors felt a superiority over the Korean peoples and as such, whenever there was a "mistake or weakness" during Korean training or assignments, Orientalism would take an effect as a way to employ harsher corporeal punishment. This reform program already had underlying tension between the justification for U.S. leadership in Korea and basic assumptions about the cultural inferiority of the Korean people, angering the population. 
In Japan, the U.S. base expansion angered many because Japan's government began representing the interests of the U.S. over their own people, which caused protests among the citizens. U.S. soldiers also began hitting and kicking Japanese people, unbelievably disrespectful showing. All of these disrespectful factors caused Eisenhower to withdraw more then fifty percent of their troops from the country.

The withdrawal of the American troops from Japan was a triggering point in American relations with East Asian countries, where the Americans began to realize that maybe they are being problematic. The U.S. began to realize that their superior mindset and what they are bringing to the table regarding the development of these countries was not all good. This caused the U.S. to become more sensitive, and attempt to build their relations in a positive and healthy way. The best way in summarizing this is looking at Japan for instance. We start with Perry, who is pointing these massive gunships at Japan, which in turn opens them up but creates small amounts of resentment at the threat of his violence. The gradually, negative tensions begin to rise over time, until it reaches a breaking point with the Post-War base expansions, which then made Eisenhower and the rest of the U.S. realize that we are not as good as we thought we were. This can also be said about the Life magazine, as realizing that the U.S. was not as good as they seemed to be, tried to paint a positive image of how a U.S. citizen saw the Japanese people. 
