
An overall theme of this week's readings had to do with the U.S's cultural image from the perspective of other countries, which was not a positive one. Regarding the Kim and Du readings: Sex, Race, and Gender shaped U.S military forces in postwar East Asia by creating a relationship where the U.S soldiers were despised because they would act as they wanted (in this instance disrespectful doesn't begin to describe it) due to their ideals of superiority vs other countries after being a big part in ending WW2. The Jeep girls article is a prime example of this. The U.S military stayed in China long after completing their goal of pushing out the Japanese forces. American servicemen expressed Orientalist views, held racist and sexist attitudes toward Chinese women, took prostitution for granted, perpetrated sexual violence, and benefited from immunity regarding local laws. These factors show us the the imperialist origins of the American empire, on the one hand, and the intimate links between military prostitution and sexual violence, on the other, which often transcend political agendas and military objectives and are more of a social and societal issue. These issues eventually evolved into a economic problem, as seen in the Du article. In the Du article, we can see that eventually black market money exchange via prostitution became apparent as well. While it did jumpstart the economy a tad bit, it was overall not healthy for the respective east Asian countries. Military presence became tied up with whore houses, black markets and GI's walking with Japanese or Korean girls. Not only these factors, but American soldiers were also essentially worshiped as Kings, which angered a lot of the local population within China. 
Regarding the Miller and Jin readings: The lessons to take away from the social, cultural, and political dynamics between the U.S vs Korea and Japan was that Orientalism and a sense of superiority (once again) caused Korea and Japan to hate the U.S due to their goal of base expansion and their Oriental behavior of accepting and personal action unanswered so that they could have an excuse to justify different action from the norm. U.S base expansion was viewed as negative because Japan went as far as to represent the interests of the United States over and even against the interests of the Japanese people. Furthermore the U.S soldiers themselves conducted violent behavior including stories of U.S. soldiers hitting and kicking Japanese people. Similar to the first and third reading too, the sexual relationships that developed between U.S. forces and Japanese women, especially prostitutes, also became a major point of negative attention. The occupation went so far south that the U.S withdrew more then fifty percent of their troops from the country. Regarding the Jin reading, it was more clear cut with the instances of Orientalism. The U.S. were assigned to help train, assist, and advise Korean forces. U.S advisors felt a superiority over the Korean peoples and as such, whenever there was a "mistake or weakness" during Korean training or assignments, would turn a blind eye and "not know" (also known as Orientalism) in order to justify harsher corporeal punishment. Furthermore the U.S occupation in the form of a reform program had the underlying tension between the justification for U.S. leadership in Korea and basic assumptions about the cultural inferiority of the Korean people. This imperialistic and racist action caused further unrest from East Asian countries where in this case specifically, was Korea.  
Regarding the Li reading: The experience of Black activists in China alter our perception of the history of Americans in East Asia as we can see that an American abroad can teach you about America as much as it can teach you about the foreign country itself. In the reading, Williams, is from a gradualist organization, but at the same time felt the lack of improvement for Black people in America, hitting on the theme of America's superiority complex (it was even present with their own people to people relations!). As such, he left to go to China, only to find out that the gradual approach works. China in this situation, aimed to torment to U.S with how bad their racial situation is by having Williams as an anointed guest, which further emphasizes how other countries saw the U.S at the time. 
