**Introduction Section**
- Anti-base protests and Post war US and Japan relations 
- As a participant in these protests, which resisted U.S. plans to extend runways at the base, a Tokyo college student observed a striking contrast between local life and U.S. military power: “The yam farms interspersed with old thatched-roofed houses ending with one metal fence. On the other side, a perfectly flat airfield extended itself with infinite vastness and arrogance.... When the American plane flew in low trying to disperse us, violently blowing up dust, I lay low in the ditch amidst the suffocating sandstorm and heard the student government flag snap. When I heard this, I felt for the first time an anger bordering on madness...piercing through me.”
- These protests uncover the negotiations, conflicts, and even violence that undergirded the U.S.– Japan alliance beneath this rhetoric of cooperation to examine the local pressures that influenced international policymaking.
- In exploring these tensions, this article utilizes the Sunagawa protests as a window into a vital and neglected context of the U.S.–Japanese relationship: Japanese desires to secure a representative postwar democracy
- “Postwar Japanese society, especially in the period between 1945 and 1960, was obsessed with the democratic idea.”
- As Japanese citizens grappled with two centers of power, their protests against the Japanese and U.S. governments became a place where the U.S. occupation-era goal of Japan’s democratization became a tool of protest, where citizens used Japanese democracy to contest the U.S. Cold War vision.
- This article opens by exploring the arrangements necessary to secure the U.S. military presence in postwar Japan. It then considers the development of a Japanese anti-base movement, focusing on the protests at Sunagawa, the critiques articulated by the protestors, and the response of U.S. policymakers.

**First star break line (pp4 of the pdf), next section**
- The introduction of the U.S. military to mainland Japan began with the occupation period: U.S. forces served as the most visible marker of Japan’s newly defeated status.
	- During the occupation, military publications reminded U.S. troops that they were in Japan to “teach authority ridden people the meaning of democracy.”
- No longer just an occupying force, these troops became integral to Japanese security and defense—and by extension U.S. security—against a Communist attack in Asia.
- The need to extend the scope of U.S. military security and the continued stationing of U.S. forces across the Pacific meant that U.S. security—and its ability to use these bases in times of conflict—would be heavily dependent on building a long-term, stable, cooperative alliance with Japan, a goal that had not previously been important to U.S. foreign policy.
- “the projected concept for the defense of the Japanese homeland is without precedent in American military history. Theoretically, Japan will enjoy full political sovereignty. Actually her national security will be dependent for an indefinite period upon the capability of combined US and Japanese military forces to meet and destroy an all-out attack launched without prior warning.”
- The United States and Japan formalized this transformation with a bilateral security treaty signed the same day as the San Francisco Peace Treaty, which ended the U.S. occupation.
- These critiques gave rise to a vital narrative that shaped the debates over U.S. bases and forces: by hosting U.S. troops, the Japanese government had committed itself to representing the interests of the United States over and even against the interests of the Japanese people. By doing so, opposition leaders claimed, it was assisting the resurrection of the conservative authoritarian state of the wartime past.
- They worried that despite the end of a “successful” occupation, U.S. bases would undermine the larger goal of an effective and participatory U.S.–Japanese relationship.
- This “contribution,” however, depended on the “free identification of the Japanese people themselves with the cause of the free world.”
- In negotiations with the U.S. government over issues like rearmament and support for U.S. bases and forces, then, the Japanese government consistently cited public opposition as a rationale for holding back.
- In rhetoric similar to the protestors at Uchinada, this group called for a broader movement involving laborers, farmers, and citizens, and criticized Prime Minister Yoshida Shigeru’s base policy as a “betrayal” of Japan that suppressed the people’s hopes for peace and independence.
- Children essays emphasize 
	- emphasized U.S. troops’ violent behavior, with stories of U.S. soldiers hitting and kicking Japanese people. The sexual relationships that developed between U.S. forces and Japanese women, especially prostitutes, also became a major point of attention
- In critiques of U.S. bases, the U.S.–Japanese alliance, and the Japanese government, then, images and discussions of prostitution, rape, and sexual violence became a common metaphor that linked sex and nation by framing the treatment of women as both “a personal and a shared national trauma brought from outside Japan."
- Protestors vs military expansion
- A joint statement from townspeople, labor groups, and the Socialist party, however, criticized the government’s “ugly program of financial placation” and called Sunagawa a fight to protect local lifestyles, the town, local farming, and Japan’s peace and independence.
- According to Zengakuren: “Land surveys for the eviction of residents with the help of police force was against the law and against decency. If the government pushed ahead with the base expansion, it was the right and duty of Japanese people to resist.”
	- College protests and advocating for peace 
- The resistance at Sunagawa drew not only from the continued presence of U.S. forces and the ways in which they disrupted Japanese lives, posed a physical threat, or even challenged peace and independence; these protests were also about the principle of protecting an active and representative Japanese democracy.
- Sunagawa had turned into a testing ground for postwar democracy: what did it mean to be a democracy under the shadow of U.S. military power, power that seemingly perverted the interests of the Japanese government? Occupation had ended 4 years before 
- The protests at Sunagawa, therefore, highlight the vital role that Japanese local concerns, public reaction, and notions of Japanese democracy played in the development of the post-occupation U.S.–Japanese relationship.
- occupation reforms had stripped the Japanese government of the needed mechanisms to deal with popular resistance, especially Communism, which he identified as the source of the protests: “The only power available to the Japanese Government at present is that of persuasion . . . the Japanese people do not listen to the Government, which has promised to extend the runways and may even be forced to confiscate the necessary land. This, however, might play into the hands of the leftists.
- Noting that the runway extension program had caused “renewed vigor in the Japanese drive to contract our facilities,” Allison ironically claimed that it was not U.S. base expansions, but the Japanese who demonstrated a “continual land hunger.”
	- US on a trend to restrict vs broadening 
- The Price Report highlighted that U.S. officials did not merely fear public opposition to their policies. Rather, they feared that this opposition would undermine the effectiveness of the U.S.–Japanese relationship and U.S. Cold War security by constraining the Japanese government’s willingness to face the political consequences of committing to this alliance.
- Robertson emphasized Japan’s centrality to U.S. security in Asia, while identifying bases as a key source of growing Japanese discontent within the U.S.–Japanese security relationship.
- Ultimately, U.S. policymakers believed that the anti-base movement not only placed political strains on the relationship but also threatened America’s very ability to use these bases in a time of conflict

**Second star break line (pp11 of the pdf), next section?**
- Shooting happened by US soldier, a political issue of US and Japan relation
- U.S. popular interest in the fate of the U.S. soldier who committed the shooting brought another layer to U.S.–Japanese policymaking, namely the reactions of Congress and the U.S. public.
- The firing range was in an area that Japanese civilians could enter and use as farmland when not in use by U.S. or Japanese forces, but it was also common for local residents to enter the range during military maneuvers.
- The Girard shooting quickly sparked extensive public uproar, highlighting the direct physical threat stemming from the presence of U.S. forces.
- Racism and lingering memories of World War II played a central role in public reactions to the case.
- This prompted frenzied meetings and phone calls between representatives of the Departments of State and Defense. Secretary of State John Foster Dulles worried that the consequences of reneging on the agreement to allow Japan to try Girard would be dire, arguing that “our whole relationship with Japan may be in jeopardy.”
- The Girard case made viscerally clear the extent to which the U.S. military presence rested on Japanese consent and that the capabilities and flexibility of the U.S.–Japanese security relationship were deeply shaped by Japanese concerns— including public concerns.
- "The New Look Program"
- The tensions over U.S. military forces had, therefore, convinced U.S. policy- makers that the reduction of these forces—and changes in the agreements governing their presence—was not just a useful political tool.
	- As Eisenhower stated in a meeting with Kishi, “We are aware of the problems created for Japan, and for the United States, by the presence of our troops in Japan. We do not like to be anywhere where we are not wanted.”
	- He presented these force withdrawals and the future discussions over the security treaty as a “major change” toward “developing a relationship of real mutuality and real cooperation.”
- In making this decision, Japan’s highest legal authority echoed the arguments of anti-base activists and leftist leaders that U.S. bases and the broader U.S.–Japan security alliance should be determined through the vigorous exercise of representative democratic process.
- Though U.S. policymakers hoped that a new, more equal security treaty would strengthen the U.S.–Japanese relationship, the renegotiation fostered widespread opposition that developed into large-scale protests
- Though the new treaty passed, these critiques further reinforced the connection between the U.S.–Japanese relationship and the fate of Japanese democracy.

**Third star break line (pp4 of the pdf), next section**
- These decisions—withdrawing U.S. troops and opening discussions that would lead to the renegotiation of the security treaty—were political and diplomatic concessions that were unthinkable in the early 1950s.
- It challenged U.S. policymakers to reassess some of the foundations of the relation- ship, concluding that political goodwill superseded military forces previously deemed to be the lynchpin of U.S security in Asia.
- Sunagawa protests 
	- First, it highlights the central role this alliance played in Japanese efforts to define and exercise postwar democracy, a context that in turn exerted strong influence on the development of the U.S.–Japanese relationship.
	- Second, the Sunagawa protests challenge the notion that the United States and Japan had—and still have—a harmonious yet static alliance, one that was the inevitable consequence of the U.S. occupation.
	- Third, the controversies and tensions surrounding U.S. military bases in Japan provide important insights into the nature of the Cold War in East Asia and around the world.
- The U.S. desire to build a close alliance with Japan further highlights an important element of U.S. understandings of Cold War: the belief that U.S. security depended on the willful cooperation of foreign states and societies.
- Ultimately, the U.S.–Japanese relationship reminds us that the Cold War was not simply a story of global conflict and containment: a profound impact of the Cold War—and perhaps its strongest legacy—was a global commitment to alliance-building.
	- This belief in the necessity of alliances entangled countries in complex relationships that required constant resources and attention, relation- ships that confronted domestic pressures on both sides.