The Twin Prodigies Arc is a part of the second cour of the Felwinter Saga and sequel to the first cour (See [[Epilogue to Cour 1 and Upbringing]]), following Jackson Felwinter and his party through their adventures in [[Sigil]]
###### Prelude
Years after Lady Pain was defeated, [[Will Felwinter]] gave birth to [[Jackson Felwinter]] being his only child. Moreover, [[Will Felwinter]]  gave care to Apollyon Darkstar and Uriel Darkstar's son, Azriel, as his parents died in the final battle versus Lady Pain. Jackson and Azriel grew up together, becoming basically blood brothers, each destined for greatness due to their immense magical power. They were able to handle minor everyday threats that would appear in Sigil at almost alarmingly young age.

[[Will Felwinter]] also established [[Peacekeeper Academy]], an huge academy where young students would learn how to become fine adventurers so that they could fight against the always uprising evils in existence. Will made sure to get the greatest teachers and staff to ensure the safety of the students, while also adding the four different houses in order to spark competition and a inspiration to learn among the students that would attend. He made it a boarding school so that students did not need to constantly make the planar journey to Sigil everyday. 

Jackson Felwinter before the academy studied his inherited magic and martial prowess in order to be able to do well in the academy. His father was a main reason for his rigorous training, for he didn't want his son to suffer the same fate his friends did at the hand of Lady Pain. Jackson eventually became stronger then Will imagined, including inventing a new technique called the Spellstrike. With his Divine Blood, Wizardry study and martial techniques with the blade, Jackson became a formidable Magus.

[[Azriel Darkstar]] before the academy trained with his magic in a new experimental way. Azriel held the power of the newfound Magical Runes. While magical runes existed, the way this magic worked was fundamentally different from normal magical runes. These runes required specific dialect and reading comprehension to understand them in order to put them to their fullest potential. Similar to Alchemy in the way you have to understand the different elements that would go into alchemy, this Rune Magic required the user to understand the different dialect and writing that would go into the making of the magical rune, and then invoking the rune in order to produce its effect. Combining his divine and abyssal heritage with the newly found Rune magic made Azriel strong, but also created a dreadful power if he unleashed it to its fullest.

[[Yasu-2]] during this time would spend most of his time with his creator, Jotor Sparklefen. Yasu-2 mainly helped Jotor with his research and his shop. Yasu-2 picked up religion as well, as he found human purpose within worshiping Eldath, the god of peace. He chose to worship Eldath, as he believed that one of the flaws of living kind is their inability to understand each other and find peace in each others company. Yasu-2 was ahead of the student curriculum curve already, as Jotor implanted multiple functions and experiences that translated to Yasu-2's direct functions.

[[Olivia Birdsong]] in contrast to Yasu-2, Azriel, and Jackson was barley living off coin. She had been trying to make a new life for herself for years, starting thievery and seduction at a young age. The past she was running from was the murder of her parents a gang of pirates, who then captured her and kept her as a trophy for pleasure and deceptive negations in order to get them more coin. Olivia became proficient in deception, trickery and magic through song, using her beautiful whistle and voice to achieve what she needed. Once she was capable enough to flee the ill-band of pirates, she escaped, never looking back and making a life out of hustling. Around the same time that the rest of the party enrolled, she had enough coin scrapped together to enroll. 

[[Aria Hassan]] lived in the Serpent Hills of Faerun in a smaller village, where she was considered the runt and disease of her Yuan-Ti tribe, being a pureblood. Laila held the innate magical powers of the Yuan-Ti, but was not a capable fighter at the time. Eventually, Dendar created a pact with her out of curiosity of her potential, which caused her to gain newfound powers. The condition to keep these powers was that Dendar wanted her to bring destruction and treachery throughout the land. Laila saw this as an opportunity to enroll in the academy, as Sigil was the best place to cause such acts.

[[Emily Sigiliph]] spent her time in Neverwinter, training with her brother Johnny in intense martial combat under her militaristic family's watch. She quickly became a high ranking along with her brother at a young age, even leading squadrons of troops at age 12. Her tactical wit and fighting skill was a testament to the kind of warrior she was, versus her brother who's style was to hit hard and fast with overwhelming strength and toughness. With the announcement of the academy opening, Emily's mother and father urged her to attend, as they imagined that she would get top tier training and top tier competition so that she could become the strongest warrior in her family and her bloodline.
###### Early Stages 
While walking to school in uniforms, Azriel and Will came across two thieves guild gangs who were fighting in the area. Jackson called them out for their disruption of this peace on the block, where the gang members mocked him. Azriel backs him up, saying that they won't even need to use their magic and powers against the two gangs because they are so weak. This pisses off both the leaders, who's gangs team up in an attempt to jump the two. Unfortunately for the gangs, they were up against two of the strongest prodigies known in the history of reality, who made quick work of the rival gangs. The two made it just in time for the gates to open.

Upon their arrival to the academy, Yasu-2 came up to Jackson and Azriel, greeting the two. Jackson gives him a warm welcome, with Azriel giving more of a distant one as he didn't know Yasu as good as Jackson did. As the gates open, the students are lead to school building and into a great hall, with multiple spots of seating available. 

As the three are about to sit down, Aria makes an effort to introduce herself to Jackson, attempting to use seductive charm in order to get him to like her more. Yasu senses dark energy within the Yuan Ti, instantly becoming suspicious of her. Jackson, unaffected by her charm, greets her warmly, and offers for her to sit next to him, with Azriel letting out a sigh as he sits down next to Yasu who sits between him and Jackson. 

Short after Emily files in, looking around for strong "warriors" who could potentially push her to the limit in training. She finds the quad-group at the end of a seated row towards the middle isle, immediately recognizing Azriel's strength, but not Jacksons due to him relaxing and talking with Laila. She asks if anyone is sitting with Azriel, to he replies with no. Emily then sits with him, talking about battle tactics and asking why Azriel's clothes were already a little worn, which he replied with the story about him and Jackson fought two thieves guild gangs on the way to school. 

After a bit and right before the ceremony started, Olivia came in, looking for somewhere to sit as she wanted to have a good first impression and was shy. She noticed the group, who while seemed different from each other were also familiarly warm at the same time. Olivia went to sit with the group, sitting next to Azriel in the Isle. Azriel turned to her and started talking, giving her a feeling of warmth as it was the first time someone showed genuine interest and kindness towards her. 

Each of the group were sorted into different houses: Azriel Darkstar in House Catalyst, Yasu-2 in House Equinox, Laila Hassan and Emily Sigiliph into House Apex, and Lexi and Jackson Felwinter into House Beacon. Each group went with their respective groups into orientation with the respective classes: 
- Geography and Cartography
- Linguistic Diplomacy
- Arcane Theory and Spellcraft
- Survival and Field Skills
- Beast Mastery and Multiversal Creatures
- History of Existence 
- Defense against Multiversal Threats
- Divine Studies
- Laws and Theory of the Multiverse

During orientation, Aria made a point to talk to Emily, asking about her and the rest of the group. Emily replied that she didn't know much, as she didn't know them before she got here, they just looked strong and formidable and she wants to be able to challenge them in combat one day. When Emily asked Aria, she lied, saying that she was here to help her village thrive and become prosperous. 

Olivia started talking with Jackson, more specifically about Azriel Darkstar. Jackson told her that he's strong, but kind and willing to help others. He also mentions that a lot of people tend to think of him as an outsider, due to his lineage being half Angelic half Demonic, but despite that he still helps others and is trying to become even stronger to protect the ones he loves and prove to the world that anyone can be a hero, no matter their lineage. 

At this point with all the introductions set and classes in session, the 6 dive into school life right away. Jackson and Azriel join the men's Siegeball team with Emily and Aria joining the Female team, Olivia is the lead singer in a band and Yasu-2 leads the robotics club using his creators memories to be successful. During weekends and sometimes during the week, the 6 of the students would go into town and would have all sorts of events happen, whether it be beach day; bar hoping; or just mobbing around they cherished their time together.... However, it did not last for long.

###### Middle Stages
With the 6 young adventurers finally settling into school life, mysterious mutant creatures began appearing across Sigil and neighboring planes, and with the the disappearance of [[Jotor Sparklefen]] , [[Will Felwinter]] began to investigate. He handed off school principle duties to [[Twitch]] who despite his young age was well experienced in ruling over different societies and governments, making him a solid replacement for the time being. Will dedicated his night to finding these creatures, and the day to researching the specimens he collected. He found that the strange mutants were originally living and sentient beings, but a strange disease is what caused the creatures to mutant and take on these forms. These creatures could also spread the disease through bite or scratch, but more common through bite as it was possible to resist this disease if you have an extremely strong physical body or you have extreme magical prowess. 

While Will was doing his research and patrolling, the students had no clue what was going on. In addition, the talk of the academy was the House Tournament that was coming up. The house tournament was a time where the young aspiring adventurers could show off their skill and what they have learned throughout the year. With break arriving, Aria and Jackson went to spend time in Faerun together. Olivia stayed in Sigil with Azriel, Yasu-2  went back to his father's work to take over his shop, and Emily went back home and helped her family run their regiment in the army. 
###### End Stages
After downtime and break, the students return to school with the House Tournament on the horizon. Each of the adventurers have made great friends within their respective houses. During this semester, exchange students from schools all over the multiverse began their first semester.