The House Tournament Arc is a part of the second cour of the Felwinter Saga taking place after the [[2.5_Declaration of War Arc]], following Jackson Felwinter and his party through their adventures in [[Sigil]]

###### Prelude 
The two sides of war: [[Arangol]]'s forces and [[Peacekeeper]] forces began to clash. [[Emily Sigiliph]] and [[Aria Hassan]] leading the charge. 

###### Early 
The battle raged on, with the city quickly becoming a leveled war ground. With the Peacekeeper forces on the defensive, the battle was looking dire. 

###### Middle 
Jackson, along with his father's old party members, meet with [[Tartarus Enslaver of Worlds.jpg]] at the main square. Tartarus asks them to move aside, but Jackson and the other adventurers refuse, willing to take a final stand. Azriel snorts, and charges. The battle begins 
The battle was close but fierce, despite Azriel fighting a 6 versus 1. The two sides exchanged blows. With Azriel ultimately putting Will Felwinter's party members to death, living both him and Jackson fatigued towards the end of the battle. 
It was at the end of the fight did the two unlock the power of the Editor, each possessing half of the power and later becoming known as each of their "True Evo"'s. The two then had one more clash, with Jackson killing Azriel due to an opening his father's old party members made in their dying moments. 

###### End 
With Tartarus lying dead on the ground, [[Jackson Felwinter]] stood amongst corpses of both his dead father's friends, and his friend. While contemplating what went wrong and what [[Azriel Darkstar]]'s final words "Thank you, brother, for freeing me. I am so sorry" meant, the [[The Omnipotent One]], also the writer of the universe, says that he cannot interfere with the mortal events that occurred, however he was willing to teach Jackson a one time spell, a spell that would reset the universe. Moreover, the spell would be a one time use, as it would be forgotten by everyone once the spell hit. During this conversation, Jotor arrived on the scene, along with a bloodied limping Aria, who asked what was gonna happen to Jackson. Ignoring her, Jackson asked if Jotor uploaded his memory to [[Yasu-2]] and [[Kabe-34]], with Jotor replying that he figured something like this may happened and hence he did in fact compare the contingency. Smiling, Jackson told [[Aria Hassan]] that everything will be alright and that he would find her once again and cast the spell, with the effects of the spell resolving. 

###### Epilogue and bridging

The [[peacekeeper academy]] was shut down around 8 years after the events and transformed into a police and militaristic force dedicated to eradicating the evil that appears throughout the multiverse. During this time, Jackson's contingency plan kicked in, as the simulacrum that would appear if anything bad were to happen to him, began running the peacekeeper force. However, at some unknown time, an avatar of [[Arangol]] surprised and defeated the simulacrum, taking its place and running more dangerous operations as a part of Arangol's plan to kill off the peacekeeper force without directly being involved. When this happened, Arangol gave the servant the power to manipulate other's memories, and he manipulated the memories of those Jackson was closest to, in order for them to not notice. However, he saw Aria as a threat due to her being Jackson's fiancee and would know instantly if something was off no matter the spell due to her love for him and her Yuan Ti heritage giving her high level resistance to magic, hired devils from hell to capture Jackson and take him to Avernus, where they could do as they please with the Divine champion Magus. This was a success, as Jackson was brought to hell, and Arangol had officially executed the first part of his plan successfully. Aria then abandons the peacekeeper academy, and becomes a wanted target as a bounty, being framed a traitor.
