---
tags: [East_Asian_History, Discussion_Board_Post, HST2270OL1_Americans_In_East_Asia]
---

This week’s readings all deal with the role and impact of American missionaries/social activists in the early/mid-20th century East Asian world in one way or another. What do you see each of the five journal article topics adding to our understanding of an issue I will call ‘transnational humanitarianism” vs. “cultural imperialism”? In other words, while missionary work is certainly motivated by compassion, benevolence and genuine desire to help people in other parts of the world have better lives, one might argue that early 20th century missionaries and their projects in East Asia are nonetheless inextricably linked to the violence of colonialism. How do this week’s articles contribute to our thinking about that problem? Moreover, as we discussed a bit last week, in many cases the policies and actions of Americans in East Asia during the 19th century were conditioned (and limited) by local actors . . . is that still the case in the early/mid-20th century? How so or not so?

**look at first pdf keyword dismal and the ending of pdf**

Notes for an Outline: 

Each of the articles provide us with a complex and unique understanding regarding Western Missionary work in East Asia. While Missionary work was motivated by compassion, benevolence, and a desire to help people in other parts of the world, 20th century missionaries and their projects in East Asia are inextricably linked to violence of colonialism. Furthermore, it is important to note that in Americans in East Asia during the 19th century were conditioned and limited by local actors in their respective countries they are abroad in. However, with the evolution of different East Asian countries's relations with one another that limitation was no longer the case in the early to mid 20th century. These changes give us new insights regarding the five different readings. 
In the first reading, the Catholic pagan babies project had the surface objective of providing care for Chinese Youth. However, the project existed because it was an attempt at a poor substitute for converting adult Chinese to Catholicism. The secondary was a "dismal" failure because of the "Anti-Christian, Anti-Foreign Tide of the 1920s and 1930s." Such events were a cumulative result of the Opium Wars and the suppression of the Boxers. 
In the second reading, Henry R. Caldwell was able to succeed initially in his missionary work due to his hunting skills and diplomacy with the material symbolism of a American rifle, which was ahead of the current weaponry of China. However, further down the line, Perry had opened Japan with threats of violence. This caused the Japanese to become imperialists themselves, first in Korea and then in China. This caused a huge uprise in chaos which stemmed from the Japanese invasion and Chinese bandits going with the Chinese communists, an ideology from Russia and to some extent directed from Russia. This caused Caldwell to be evacuated and leave, another example of how colonial violence is shaping these missionary missions. 
In the third reading, the Kobokan settlement was successful at first because of Japanese government and citizenry eager to learn from the West and resist Western imperialism. However, Japan ultimately defends itself by becoming imperialist itself and colonizing China during conflict. This causes Japan to descend into nationalistic militarism, war with the US, and turn the Kobokan into a cog in its war machine, eliminating its missionary nature. The Catholic missionaries in this instance probably have to leave their project for the same reasons that Caldwell had to leave, which was because of the Japanese and their uprising. 
In the fourth reading, the YMCA is at first successful in Japan portraying Japanese colonialism as a positive force. However, it was the racism in the Western US that ends up seriously damaging US and Japan relations, which then contributes to an eventual war. Because of such tensions, the YMCA missionaries (and probably the Kobokan) in Japan must cope not only with Japanese nationalism but with American racism which aggravates it. 
In the fifth and final reading, Fisher, a missionary, goes to Korea in the 1920s wanting to teach the Koreans the relationship between education and democracy. However, later down the line, the imperialist Japanese (made such by Perry forcibly opening them up) have conquered and rule Korea with a heavy hand making that difficult to achieve. Fisher was thwarted in Korea before WW2, not even being able to teach democracy because of repressive Japanese rulers. He returns after WWII to try again but likely is thwarted at least in part by the Soviet Union forcing the split of Korea into two countries, the North and the South.
Each of the articles show how instances of colonial violence derail all of the different missionaries objectives and goals. Where this colonial violence stems from is the change in mobility from the 19th century versus the 20th century, as in the 20th century, Missionaries had to be more cautious and aware in dealings with foreign countries, which was hard to do at the given time. 

