---
tags: [East_Asian_History, Discussion_Board_Post, HST2270OL1_Americans_In_East_Asia]
---

###### **Opening**
The experience of Americans in East Asia since the mid-nineteenth century reveals how American identity to the East Asian countries transitioned from a colonial and violent one, to a more understanding and amending one.

###### **Week 1 Themes**
We start at the beginnings of American relations with the East Asian peoples with The American Missionaries and Commodore Perry. These two were examples of the first steps towards opening up East Asian countries to American relations, religion and trade. While both had different methods of obtaining goals, the broadened goal of America in sending them was to spread Christianity and to make lucrative gains. First came the American Missionaries who were representatives from the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. E.C. Bridgman, the leader of such group, arrived at the Canton Port, which began the earliest of Sino-American cultural and political relations (pp.2-3 pdf). This was the first official beginning of relations with East Asian countries, the American missionaries set out on the journey and were the predecessors of acting in the concept of "Manifest destiny" (which we will explain later in context to Perry). This was also around the time when the Opium trade in China driven by British military power came into play. At first, the missionaries were concerned about the opium problem in China. It was stated to be "one of the greatest evils afflicting Chinese society" (pp.4 pdf). However, the Opium and its illegality was causing problems for American missionaries to stay abroad. So, to combat this and to further their Christian conversion mission, the American Missionaries went so far as to favor legalizing opium to eliminate the charge that as Westerners they were associated with an illegal activity. (The legalization did not diminish the demand for Opium; it rather increased it instead (pp27 of pdf). 

We also took a look at Commodore Perry, the US naval officer who led an expedition to China in 1853. Perry and his crew's trip was in the spirit of Manifest Destiny: the idea that the US greatness was foreordained up to its West Coast and even beyond to the Western Pacific. It is the concept that the seat of civilization progressed westward at the urging of a dominant power, the US, also called the arc of civilization (pp 4-5 pdf). Perry and his crew sought to impose cultural, societal and even political values from Western culture and society onto the "'semi-barbarous' Japanese" (pp.6 pdf). The slogan was  that "the opening of commerce with Japan is demanded by reason, civilization, progress and religion." Upon arrival, Perry threatened firing off imposing firepower. Perry's diplomacy succeeded primarily because of the imposing fleet of warships (the black ships). However, at the same time he also packed the ships with gifts and festive supplies that showed a presumptuous mission of cultural enlightenment. "Much of the scholarly literature on the Perry expedition focuses on either America's policy motivations for sending such a large flotilla to Japan or the relevance of the commodore's character to the missions success, but such work fails to analyze perhaps the most remarkable element of the expedition - its reliance upon a highly symbolic style of cultural diplomacy" (pp. 3 of the pdf 2 of week 1). This is proof that not only were Perry's strategies of opening up the East Asian countries based on threatened violence, but also cultural symbolism. Perry and his crew viewed commerce as the handmaiden of civilization and saw their mission as an opportunity to "kindly" impose this cultural value upon the "semi-barbarous" Japanese (pp 6 of pdf 2 week 1). 

###### **Week 2 Themes**
We now fast forward and focus more on specific missionaries and their individual goals when abroad within the East Asian countries. The missionaries wanted to help these East Asian countries, but rooted in their subconscious was still a mindset of superiority. A first example of these are the Missionaries associated with the Pagan babies. The Pagan babies program was a program that attempted to help Chinese youth grow up in a healthy manor. The "Orphan imagery reinforced a certain view of the missionary project, validating and confirming the premise of Chinese need and American benevolence. Images of impoverished Chinese children depicted the horrible conditions under which Chinese children lived before missionary intervention and functioned as pleas for American aid. In terms of their ideological effects, the images depicted the suffering the children encountered and reinforced the notion that Chinese children needed to be rescued by lofty American missionaries, who offered them spiritual salvation as well as material benefits" (pp. 26). The Representation of how the American missionaries felt that they needed to "save" the Chinese and be deemed as saviors, stemming from the Manifest Destiny and Cultural superiority concept (and a little bit of the colonial violence concept). It is also important to note that the Pagan babies program was a bi-product of a “dismal” failure to convert adult Chinese to Catholicism. This was due to the Anti Christian and Foreign Tide during the 1920's and 30s, which in turn was due to European and US wars waged against China along with opium addiction and other problems associated with all foreigners, including the missionaries. 

Another example Missionary group is the YMCA in Japan, which at first looked at budding Japanese colonialism as an enlightening positive force. But the Japanese, taking their cue from Perry’s military might and Western imperialism had begun to grow their nation to ultimately become nationalistic imperialists themselves. It progressed from positive expansion, to dominant imperialism. "Given the YMCA's secretary’s past support of Japanese expansion, this statement identifies a clear shift in liberal Protestant attitudes about the link between empire and Christianity, and about Japan as an emerging bastion of democracy and Christianity in East Asia. In the early 1900s Fisher and Davis had praised Japan’s adoption of Western military technology, liberal democracy, and internationalism; by the mid-1920s, Japan’s imperialism in East Asia and abandonment of international dialogue had raised the ire of many liberal Protestants" (pp18 of Pdf). The cause of Japanese uprising stemmed from being aggravated by western U.S. racial prejudice against Japanese immigrants, even extending to their exclusion. The result is Japan going to war with the US in 1941. 

###### **Week 3 Themes**
We now move to the post war relationships of American and East Asian countries from the perspective of the locals, which was not a positive one. Sex, Race and Gender shaped U.S Military forces in post war East Asia by creating an American military culture of taking what they wanted and acting with a sense of superiority, which in turn drew a lot of anger towards themselves. In China for example, the U.S. military had stayed long after completing their goal of pushing out the Japanese forces in order to support the Chinese Nationalist war against the Chinese Communists (cite reading and page number here). Expecting to be treated “as Kings,”  American soldiers angered many Chinese people. American servicemen expressed Orientalist views, held racist and sexist attitudes toward Chinese women, took prostitution for granted, perpetrated sexual violence, and then benefited from immunity regarding local laws. This immunity from law gave the U.S. soldiers a superiority complex and savior mindset, giving the soldiers a do as we please since we are heroes and better mentality. Furthermore, despite drastically different political statuses and circumstances, the American military presence in China was similar to that in occupied Japan and Korea (cite page number and reading). These resemblances reveal the imperialist origins of the American empire, on the one hand, and the intimate links between military prostitution and sexual violence, on the other, which often transcend political agendas and military objectives (cite page number and reading). 
In Korea and Japan, things went so far as the establishment of underground black markets, brothels and prostitution on a vast scale. These black markets were connected to the brothels as a form of exchanging currency. Importantly, the link between the sexual market and the currency market was not coincidental. Local bars, dance halls, and brothels, where foreign soldiers were willing to spend money, composed one of the few working economic sectors in wartime Korea, and it was this sector that arguably provided the material basis for the postwar recovery in US-occupied Japan (pp7 of the pdf generally has a lot of good info). While these activities did help jumpstart the economy, they also produced more cultural backlash from the respective East Asian countries and was not optimal for the purposes of both economics and the people living in the country. The American goods that would appear in these local markets signal much more than just corruption and an ill-functioning economy in the occupied country. They were a manifestation of people’s daily struggles and a symbol of the asymmetrical material and political power between occupied and occupier (cite page number and pdf here). 

Japan and Korea also had additional issues as well. Korea experiencing American perpetuated Orientalism, and the Japanese citizens practicing protest against U.S. military base expansion in Japan. In Korea, U.S advisors felt superiority over the Korean people and as such, whenever there was a "mistake or weakness" during Korean training or assignments, Orientalism came into play. "By returning to a language of strict cultural difference, Americans could maintain a form of imperial overseership where the assumed inferiority of supposedly non-American behaviors would not prompt action to change them. Lingering elements of vulgar racism, combined with the polite racisms which framed peoples as differing based on culture and not blood, could then assert expedient margins in U.S. responsibility by eliminating the idea that Americans could change ingrained tradition. U.S. advisors in the Korean War were not entirely wrong that there was a cultural barrier between their norms and Korean forms of discipline, and that beating was likely not something that they could eradicate like they did with banzai charges. But it was the justifications and reasoning for their inaction which expose the particularities of how U.S. global power operated in this moment" (page number and pdf) Sometimes this resulted in a required change of behavior, e.g. no more banzai charges (cite source and page number). But sometimes it resulted in permissiveness towards questionable behavior (“that’s just the way they are”) like corporal punishment of subordinates (cite page number and source). 

In Japan, the U.S. base expansion angered many not just because of the noise, bad soldier behavior and taking of land. It also seemed like Japan's government began representing the interests of U.S. anticommunism over their own people, which caused protests among the citizens. Furthermore, during U.S. Base expansion protests, students were enraged with what the Americans were doing to discourage them. They would go as far as to fly directly over students heads as described: “The yam farms interspersed with old thatched-roofed houses ending with one metal fence. On the other side, a perfectly flat airfield extended itself with infinite vastness and arrogance.... When the American plane flew in low trying to disperse us, violently blowing up dust, I lay low in the ditch amidst the suffocating sandstorm and heard the student government flag snap. When I heard this, I felt for the first time an anger bordering on madness...piercing through me” (pp.1 of pdf miller reading). This students' account for their experience during the base protests shows us that U.S. occupation had gotten to the point where the Japanese people reached a level of unhappiness and pure hatred for Americans. The despise of American military was so bad that eventually Eisenhower decided to withdraw more than fifty percent of US troops from the country (cite page number and pdf).
  
###### **Greater Understanding**
So what does the experience of Americans in East Asia since the mid-nineteenth century reveal about the historical construction of modern American identity? The withdrawal of the American troops from Japan was a turning point which showed that the Americans had begun to realize that their approach with the bases was a problem. The U.S. began to realize that their superior mindset and what they were bringing to the table regarding the development of East countries was not all good. Thus it would appear that the U.S. policy makers had become more sensitive to local feelings and were starting to change course in an attempt to build relations in a more mutually cooperative way. The best way to summarize all this is looking at Japan for instance. We start with Perry, who is pointing these massive gunships at Japan “for their own good,” which in turn throws Japan into a pattern of building their own military to wreak violence on their neighbors Korea and China. This eventually led to the Pacific War between Japan and the United States. Then followed the occupation of Japan which first concentrated on democratization of the country. But then, the rising threat of communism in Asia led to U.S. military intransigence about military base expansion. Fierce Japanese local resistance then made Eisenhower and the rest of the U.S. realize that we are not as good as we thought we were (while Vietnam was messy, that was more later in the time period and I will not be covering it extensively. Despite this too, relations began to rise positively after Vietnam). 
Now what can we say about the Life Magazine special issue on Japan? In many ways it still shows the old simplistic thinking, with Perry going to Japan just to save some sailors and editorial questions asked about the “treachery” of the Japanese. However, looking at the magazine in a more modern relations context, it also shows how we share many positive relations to these East Asian countries in a modern day setting. 