The House Tournament Arc is a part of the second cour of the Felwinter Saga taking place after the [[2.2_House Tournament Arc]], following Jackson Felwinter and his party through their adventures in [[Sigil]]
###### Prelude
Within the next few days, a planar wide funeral was held for [[Will Felwinter]]. With [[Arangol]]'s invasion turning the heads of the higher ups, confirming their suspicions of a high level threat to Sigil, the [[Peacekeeper Academy]] was given a break, in order to begin to figure out the situation at hand without the students getting in the way. 
###### Early 
With the death of his father [[Jackson Felwinter]] mourned in sadness and despair, as only he remained as the final member of his family. In his mourning, [[Yasu-2]] relayed an important message that was stored within his system by [[Jotor Sparklefen]], who has be absent for the entirety of the cour 2 thus far. Jotor said that he had prepared a contingency for an event like this should it happen. He told Jackson to flee to Ebberon and begin a specific quest and training regiment in order to get strong enough to defeat the enemy. As he was packing his things and leaving, [[Aria Hassan]] mentions that they have been out of touch lately. Jackson makes the point that its not like her to recognize that, as she often gave off a colder yet caring vibe in their relationship and not a warm one. She made the point that her time spent with humanity, let alone a human maybe has softened her up, and is ready to commit her time to him formerly. 

[[Azriel Darkstar]] spent his break with [[Olivia Birdsong]], with them living together and continuing to develop their romantic relationship. However, Azriel began having terrifying dreams, that were said to be the future if he did not stop it. He saw the world burning, with his friends dying in the process. Moreover in these dreams, he had a psychological battles with Arangol over and over again, losing and losing again and again. Until he finally conceded, and the curse put on him took full effect, a subtle mind control that despite the user thinking they were operating on their free will, they were not. Azriel then left Olivia, seeking Arangol, who took him on a crusade to obtain every multiversal rune. Olivia woke up in the bed one morning to Azriel being gone, and she searched and searched for him, only to be left empty handed in attempting to find him. She from then on wept and was always consumed with sorrow, as she felt that she had lost part of herself with him leaving. 

[[Emily Sigiliph]] left back for home, and lead his family's army alongside her parents to gain more experience.

[[Yasu-2]] stayed on Sigil, conducting research on Mind Flayers and picked up were [[Will Felwinter]] left off with regards to his research about [[Necrowalkers]] and [[Hostwalkers]]. Yasu-2's preceptive nature caught traces of Arangol's magic on Azriel , but before he could preform exorcism it was too late, as Azriel left sigil and disapeared from the academy, only to return later on. 
###### Middle 
Almost every student in Peacekeeper academy returned from their break. However at this point in time Azriel had mysteriously disappeared, which caused the interplanar police to search for him. The rest of the group attempted to comfort Olivia on his absence, but she could not get over her sorrow. 
###### End 
Peacekeeper academy students, including foreign exchange, all attempted to focus on exams, but given how current events had been playing out, it was hard for anyone to focus. 

#Timeline/Felwinter_Saga/Cour_2